### Welcome

Hi! I’m Jessica Valarezo, and I studied computer science and learned programming at Columbia University’s School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. While at Columbia, I was interested in improving access to computer science for girls and making learning programming fun and relevant with real-world applications. I spent a summer as a teacher’s assistant at the Girls Who Code Summer Immersion Program. After that summer, we co-founded the Columbia chapter of Girls Who Code Club, offering classes on campus. After college, I put my programming and problem-solving skills to use as a full-stack software engineer at Docker, which builds software for developers, now counting 20M+ users. After Docker, I analyzed data at the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office and built a data transparency dashboard: [https://data.manhattanda.org/](https://data.manhattanda.org/). Most recently, I taught Introduction to Programming to 8th grade students and advanced high school courses (Data Structures and Algorithms and Web Engineering) to 10th-12th grade students at The Dalton School in Manhattan.

I love making computer science and programming fun, approachable, and relevant. I can help with solidifying foundational skills needed for programming and thinking about programming concepts in new ways, both increasing confidence! At its best, programming is a way to explore creative and personal interests. 

I teach and tutor programming, data analysis, and computer science at various levels (7th grade and older!) and can support students working on projects in these areas. My languages of expertise are Python, Java, SQL, R, React, Javascript, HTML, and CSS. If you are interested in learning more or are looking for a tutor, please don't hesitate to reach out: valarezo.jessica@gmail.com

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jessicavalarezo/)